Hey there.
So before we dive into this
course, I want to offer a very
important disclaimer, okay.
I am not a licensed therapist,
psychologist, psychiatrist,
or medical professional.
I do not hold any formal degree
or certification in mental
health or clinical practice.
The content of this course is not
intended to diagnose, treat, or cure
any psychological or medical condition.
What I'm offering here is based entirely
on personal experience, years of study,
and nonclinical frameworks and the
tools that helped me reclaim my own
life from a place of self betrayal,
burnout, and numbness to a life of
alignment to self ownership and peace.
This course is for educational and
self-development purposes only.
It is not a substitute for
professional mental healthcare.
If at any point during this journey
you feel emotionally overwhelmed,
unsafe, or in distress, I strongly
encourage you to seek help from a
qualified mental health professional.
Therapy and coaching are not mutually
exclusive, and there is absolutely
no shame in needing support.
You are the expert on your own life.
Everything offered here
is simply an invitation.
You are free to take what serves
you and leave what doesn't.
Okay.
By continuing with this course,
you acknowledge that you understand
this disclaimer and that you
take full responsibility for your
own wellbeing and participation.
Let's begin.